docs: Add main heading and brief about the project in README.md (#2)
dhruvdhaduk-simform/x-skeleton-ui: README.md

# X Skeleton UI

> 
> This is project is the skeleton UI clone of the Feed page of X (formerly Twitter).  

Reviewer: This can be improve to something like this:

```suggestion

This is a project that clones the skeleton UI of the Feed page of X (formerly Twitter).
```

Author: Improved the project info.
